hey how's it going Dave 2d here today
we're looking at the MSI GSC
in and light gaming laptop it's running
the new six core CPU from Intel with the
gtx 1070 max-q it's a completely decked
out thin and light laptop that just it's
awesome as you could tell by the title
it's been redesigned this year
completely redesigned the previous
generation and the one before that I'll
share the same chassis they just kind of
switch the internals brand new
everything this year the build quality
on this new design is good it feels
slightly better than the GS 63 to me it
has no red on it at all I think this is
the very first gaming laptop from MSI
that wasn't black and red it's got this
black and gold theme going on very
subtle it actually looks really good you
could bring it to work or a coffee shop
and I want to think anything of it it's
super stealth it honestly looks like a
premium black and gold laptop now in
case you're wondering the logo up here
is completely flush to the surface if
you're inclined and wanted to mask this
logo out you could probably get a skin
for it and it'll look even more
murdered-out the hinge is on each side
so it doesn't run along the whole length
but it actually feels really well built
and this kind of hinge aesthetic is just
not something we've seen from Hema side
before I really like it inside we have
the power button in the middle of the
laptop and there was talk about how
there's gonna be a fingerprint sensor
this engineer example does not have a
functioning one but it might in the
future the build quality of this whole
thing is good very good it's not perfect
like this isn't a unibody build or
anything like that it's like not milled
from a single piece of aluminum it's
using paneling but it's pretty good
there are some panels with a little bit
of flex from the perforations but it is
a well built laptop okay before I go any
deeper into this video I feel like I
should bring something up with you guys
I really like this device it's a great
laptop and there are some issues with it
but I had to dig pretty deep to find
them and I think a lot of you guys might
think that I'm just like nitpicking and
I really am I feel like that's what you
have to do when it comes to products
that are really well built and just good
you just got to dig deeper than normal
to find something that you can kind of
use as a reason that some people may not
like it but you'll see ok let's go with
the keyboard first I feel like that's
like a good place to start it's pretty
much your standard MSI keyboard it's
SteelSeries backlit but the keys have
this layout that takes a little bit of
time to get used to once you do you'll
be comfortable on it the trackpad is
well
technically it's a windows precision
trackpad it's running Windows precision
touchpad but it's using synaptic
software underneath it feels good it's
just not perfect gestures are on point
but there's something about the track
and that feels off to me it's like the
acceleration it's just a little bit too
fast
um I can't really describe in words it's
just it doesn't feel like your standard
windows precision software it to me it's
good just not perfect the button
mechanism is a little stiff but it's
tactile and I like the feel of the
trackpad overall one of the first things
that I didn't like about this laptop is
the accessibility so MSI's thin and
light laptops are never really easy to
get into like I've never had a lot of
problems but there's just not you know
one screw and remove it it's always a
little bit of work this one is very
difficult I'm not saying it's impossible
but I couldn't get in there and I've
opened quite a few laptops see this
isn't even my unit it's like an
engineering sample and I'm already a
little bit more aggressive than it would
be if I'd purchases with my own money
but I just can't seem to get in here
easily the other thing is that the drive
in here is a little bit slow and it's ok
when companies put in slow drives
because like it keeps the cost down and
you can upgrade it but in this case it's
pretty difficult I'm sure you can get in
there it's just not an easy thing
the display is excellent I really like
it's bright it's fast it's 144 Hertz
excellent color gamut there's nothing I
really have to complain about it the top
bezels are thin the side bezels are
really thin there is a bit of a chin but
I mean if you're gonna put thick bezel
somewhere at the bottom one's probably
the best webcams up top image quality
isn't amazing but at least the angle is
good and it's just really nice to see
laptop companies put in faster screens
because last year we were seeing really
high end laptops with something like GTX
10 80s on them but they're capped with
60 Hertz screens but just didn't make
sense to me this is the way to do it
fast screens with fast processors and
fast GPUs good stuff all around one
thing to note though this display does
not have G sync and I think for some
people they're just like hey deal
breaker no G sync but the truth is I
actually like that it doesn't have it
here's why
number one it keeps the price down if
they had a display that was licensed for
g-sync this would be like an extra
hundred or two hundred bucks the other
thing is battery life by not having G
sync you get to use Nvidia Optimus so
you can use the onboard graphics to keep
your battery consumption down when
you're just not playing games and stuff
but the main reason for me is that G
sync is only really useful at like 60
frames per second or slower the moment
you bust like six
seventy eighty frames per second it just
doesn't it's not as useful I'm not
saying it's not useful it's just not as
useful as it would be when you're at
lower frame rates at 144 Hertz this
thing can shoot way beyond the frame
rates where g-sync is clutch in terms of
connectivity the port selection is quite
good there's nothing I feel like this
thing's missing it even has an Ethernet
port if there is one thing I would add
it would be like an extra a ton about
three or use BC port but that's
basically it now I don't love that the
location of the AC adapter hole is just
kind of in the middle of the side here
and I think some people won't care but
it just doesn't look as clean to me when
it comes out the middle and the cable
can kind of cover the exhaust and some
circumstances it's a minor issue but I
thought I'd put it out there the
speakers are located on the bottom and I
wish they weren't located on the bottom
because they actually sound okay they
get really loud just the location is
really poor when you have these things
playing in a normal position the audio
gets really flattened out by the table
or the desk or whatever you have your
laptop sitting on it just loses so much
clarity because of its position that I
just wish it was positioned elsewhere
the battery inside here has been
significantly upgraded from the previous
generation it's now 82 watt hours it's a
six hour battery for regular use with
the screen at 215 it's the AC adapter is
180 watts
nothing special kind of like your
standard msi adapter the performance on
this laptop is straight-up excellent
it's the six core i7 8750 H and you're
gonna see great performance numbers if
you want more details on this particular
CPU you can check out the video that
I'll link below but for multi core
applications it's a big step up from
last gen the GPU is awesome 1070 max-q
really good performance for basically
any kind of game at 1080p and you'll be
able to take advantage of that 144 Hertz
screen it's a really good combination
the fans can be controlled in Dragon
Center like you can crank up the fans if
you're doing with a 3d render or if you
want like the best gaming performance
possible you can crank it up it'll be
loud but you'll get great performance or
you just leave it on auto and just let
it do its thing on idle it's silent and
unload it gets a little bit louder but
you get great performance you can slow
down manually if you want but on a thin
and light laptop like this with a 6 core
processor and a 1070 max-q you kind of
won't let the fans do its thing and I
think they do a really good job with the
thermals the exterior temperature is
also pretty good on the top surface it
gets a little warm on the bottom though
I'd play games on a table or a desk and
not so much on your lap so overall I
feel like MSI did a really good job on
this device there's some one
about this thing that I feel like people
who appreciate there's so much they did
write about this thing um
the only real complaint to have about it
is seriously the accessibility that's
something I really wish they just I
don't know why they made it so difficult
to get in there but it is the pricing at
eighteen hundred dollars in the base
model is fair it's not great this is
never gonna be cheap a six core desktop
replacement it's never gonna be cheap
right now but it's reasonably priced I
feel like there's gonna be way more
expensive models that do something
similar to this as for whether you
should upgrade if you're running a 7700
HQ and all you do is play games and
probably not but if you do anything that
can take advantage of the multi-core
stuff like the six core CPU this is a
good one okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it
subs you loved it see you guys next time
[Music]